Season 1: Command of Eridanus

101	That Untravelled World, Whose Margin Fades
	Eridanus finds the Delphinus adrift, her crew missing.

	Presents the ship as a busybox, and there are multiple
	solutions depending on the crew selected for the boarding
	party. Getting Delphinus online and investigating what
	happened requires teamwork of boarding party,
	Suspended-style. 

	The End: PC dies or ship PC is on vanishes for good.

	Bad Ending: PC escapes to Eridanus, but Delphinus vanishes.

	Bad Ending: Boarding party stabilizes Delphinus, but Eridanus
	vanishes.

	Fair Ending: Boarding party stabilizes Delphinus; Eridanus is
	fine. Delphinus crew is lost.

	Good Ending: Boarding party stabilizes Delphinus and rescues
	crew; Eridanus is fine.

	Best Ending: Good ending, got full explanation of Negative
	Space Wedgie.

	Development Opportunities: 

102	The Ringing Plains of Windy Troy
	LCR Player is court-martialled for the loss of the Argo
	Navis. (Faces a review board?) Flashbacks to Player attending
	SUS Punisher, and a post-solution mode for the player to just
	play Trek. 

	Gives a series of flashbacks from the courtroom to the battle,
	from a number of POVs. Introduces perspective switching. The battle
	is a hard tactical problem for the player to solve.

	NOTE: Move this later in the season? More technically demanding
	than 103, 105, and maybe 104.

	Bad Ending: Convicted.

	Bad Ending: Relieved of command.

	Good Ending: Cleared.

	Best Ending: Cleared, and acquired a lasting advantage over
	the Quellans. 

	Development Opportunities: 

103	That Eternal Silence
	When a Regulan diplomat is found murdered aboard the Eridanus,
	Player and the crew must solve the case before it becomes an
	interstellar incident.

	Straight-up murder mystery. Lots of NPCs to converse
	with. Bottle show. 

	The End: Murderer kills PC or destroys ship.

	Bad Ending: Murderer escapes.

	Hidden Bad Ending: Murder pinned on wrong party; diplomatic
	complications ensue that derail episode 203.

	Fair Ending: Murderer caught, but Quellan connection hidden.

	Good Ending: Murderer caught, Quellan connection uncovered.

	Best Ending: Good ending, and won respect of Regulans.

	Development Opportunities: 

104	Free Hearts, Free Foreheads
	The Eridanus first encounters Harmony, while rescuing a
	refugee ship from a planet she's taken over.

	

	Bad Ending: Harmony takes over the ship and PC.

	Hidden Bad Ending: Kaur is taken over by Harmony, which
	derails episode 204.

	Fair Ending: Eridanus blows up the refugee ship to escape.

	Good Ending: Refugees and Eridanus crew are safe.

	Best Ending: Good ending, member of Harmony is captured for
	study. 

	Development Opportunities: 

105	Through Scudding Drifts, the Rainy Hyades
	An ion storm threatens the Eridanus, forcing her to seek new
	Energon crystals from a pre-industrial planet.

	Fly ship into sector; storm is unavoidable. Limp under
	reactionless to nearest E-class planet, and land. Proceed on
	foot to hunt for crystals; get caught up in medieval drama
	with locals. 

	The End: PC dies; Eridanus doesn't survive ion storm.

	Bad Ending: Eridanus is wrecked, but contacts Exploration Command.

	Fair Ending: 

	Good Ending: 

	Development Opportunities: 

106	And Not To Yield
	When Eridanus is captured by the Quellans, LCR Player and the
	crew must recapture her.

	Eridanus ambushed by Q7 cruiser. Futile pursuit, shields blown
	down, boarding of damaged ship. Player thrown in brig; crew
	confined in shuttle bay. Break out of brig, sneak around
	undetected, free enough friendlies to overpower the prize crew.

	The End: Eridanus destroyed, or PC killed by Quellans.

	Bad Ending: Escape Quellans in shuttle, but ship and crew
	still captured. 

	Fair Ending: 

	Good Ending: 

	Best Ending: Incite mutiny on Q7 and capture it.

107	An Idle King
	LCR Player and the Eridanus come to the aid of CPT Stewart and the
	Odysseus when a first contact situation goes sideways.
108	There Gloom the Dark, Broad Seas
	The Eridanus surveys a previously uncharted quadrant, encountering
	a number of shorter adventures along the way.

Season 2: First Officer on Odysseus

201	He Works His Work, I Mine
	Promoted to XO of the Odysseus, CDR Player finds CPT Stewart
	less of a kindred spirit than expected, when they disagree
	over how to handle a refugee crisis.
	
202	This Gray Spirit, Yearning in Desire
	LCDR Kaur and the Eridanus must stop a large interstellar
	creature that threatens the heart of the Union.
	
203	To Make Mild a Rugged People
	Assigned as liason to the Regulan Matriarchy, CDR Player must
	find a way to restore the balance of power before the
	Quellan-Regulan War spills over into a regional conflict.
	
204	TBD
	TBD
	
205	Offices of Tenderness
	The ship's surgeon of the Eridanus must find the cure for a
	devastating pandemic, before it spreads beyond its planet of
	origin. 

	The End:

	Bad Ending:

	Hidden Bad Ending: Plague cured, but not discovered to be
	Harmony. 

	Hidden Bad Ending: Kaur was taken over by Harmony in 

206	Souls That Have Toiled, and Wrought, and Thought With Me
	Harmony must take over a Cygnus-class vessel, and use it to
	spread herself across the Union and beyond.
	
207	Life Piled On Life
	A "Mary Sue" officer aboard the Odysseus turns out to be
	Harmony, and triggers an internal crisis that threatens the
	Union. 
	
208	The Long Day Wanes
	Human separatists in the Union want to break away over the
	handling of the Harmony crisis, and CPT Stewart is on their
	side. 

Season 3: Command of Odysseus

301	TBD
	TBD
	
302	TBD
	TBD
	
303	TBD
	TBD
	
304	TBD
	TBD
	
305	TBD
	TBD
	
306	TBD
	TBD
	
307	The Utmost Bound of Human Thought
	The fate of the Union hangs in the balance, in the final confrontation
	with Harmony.
	
308	The Baths of All the Western Stars
	Another "sandbox" episode, but with the Odysseus.

Unused titles:

All Experience Is An Arch
To Strive, To Seek, To Find
Drink Life to the Lees
Mine Own Telemachus
Unequal Laws to a Savage Race
Manners, Climates, Councils, Governments
Alone, On Shore
I Am Become a Name
Men That Strove With Gods
Some Work of Noble Note
Roaming With a Hungry Heart
Delight of Battle
The Deep Moans Round
To Seek A Newer World
Smite the Sounding Furrows
To Sail Beyond the Sunset
One Equal Temper of Heroic Hearts
Cities of Men
A Bringer of New Things
Drink Life to the Lees

Unused concepts:

Submarine-style duel with a Tiberian Raptor.
Advanced new civilization with a dark secret.
